Now that we have our initial test created and we want to go
through and be able to change this or add things to it without
having to rerecord that entire process, well,
we can obviously do that.
We can add more commands as we go through and edit this without having
to go through and rerecord that test every time.
The way we want to go ahead and do this is to go below our current
commands and go down to our command editing window here.
And you can select the drop‑down and scroll through all of this,
or you can just start typing and it will do it as well.
If we choose click, it takes a target.
We can see up above we have the various click commands
and the target associated with this.
But one nice feature is we can use this arrow here that the help
text is telling you, select target in page.
And if I click that, it tells you to select an element inside of our page.
So let's go ahead and come over here and choose beta,
and you'll see that it has set up our target to say command
of click with a linkText equal to beta,
and it's added that to the end of our current test.
If we rerun this test, it'll go through,
open up our window again, set the window size.
It will go through and select that CSS item,
select the linkText, the news text,
and now go to the assert that that text is true and then click the tag of beta.
So you'll notice we have a new page popped up here because it has navigated to
the log with a tag beta, the linkText that we chose on there.
If you chose something different, it'll go to that page as well.
But we just added another command inside of there,
and it's very easy to do because it will go through and
help us select the appropriate target.
And I can't tell you how much better this is now than it
was in previous releases because it just basically pauses
the test of where you're at,
and it helps you determine the correct CSS or XPath or other things
for you to choose that right element on the page.
Speaking of those commands that you can use on that page or
specifically the options that are available on that command,
one thing to keep in mind is that you can click one of these commands
and come down and choose Reference and see what the arguments or
documentation is associated with that command.
And so I'm going to make this a little bit bigger.
You can see that on click it has the argument or target of locator, and
the definition of it that clicks on a target element,
example a link, button, checkbox, or radio button.
It has the arguments defined here for what it takes for that specific command.
This ends up being a great way for you to see what options you have
available for the command you're trying to add to that page.
The other option for finding those commands,
because it's not always easiest to just choose that drop‑down, is to
open up a browser tab and go to the selenium.dev/selenium‑ide/docs
section, and you can see an entire list of the commands available for you to use inside of the Selenium IDE.